# 1994 US Census data

The main file of this project is income.ipynb and Decision_tree.ipynb, a simple analysis report is in income.ipynb.

This is my first ever data analysis project, it is a final assignment of IFN 619 - Data Analytics for Strategic Decision Makers, which is a intro unit to the Master of Data Analytics. This project is an analysis based on 1994 US Census data, it has 32561 rows and 14 columns. The goal of this analysis is to classify people's salary to >50K or <=50K, so that we can check which feature in the dataset can make critical contribution to the prediction target-salary and make interpretation based on the result. The algorithm I used in this project is a simple neural networks. I didn't have enough knowledge in related to data science at the time, I just thought neural network would be really cool for this project. Practically, an algorithm such as decision tree or Support Vector Machine would be suitable for this simple analysis. Every word and code was written by myself.

After 2 years of study and training and then looking back to this first ever project, I found 3 major mistakes in this analysis. First one is using unsuitable techniques just like I mentioned. The second one is the lack of visulisation, some table in the interpretation part is good but charts and graphs would be better for viewers to see. The final one is the form of this report is not in an academic form. However, I started to learn and write reports in a manner of academic in the second semester, this report was made in the first semester. I will not edit this project so that it can be an evidence of my studying and learning. 
